If you want even more fun with Windows 8, -
- then you have to go into the engine room and adjust as you wish.
It takes place in the 'Control Panel', where update, sound and appearance are controlled.
Right-click the Windows icon and select from the 'Control Panel' menu.
Updates for Windows take place under the item 'Windows update' -
- and by clicking 'Search for updates', a search is initiated. In this case, Windows is updated.
Under 'Change settings', the automation of these updates can be set.
You can choose to have all updates installed. In the next selection, the update is downloaded, -
- but you have to start the update yourself. In the third choice, it looks for the update -
- and you have to choose the updates for download and then installation.
The last option is to search, download and install any updates yourself.
In the 'Hardware & Sound' item, the sound is controlled from the 'Sound' sub-item.
Select audio output from the 'Playback' tab - speakers or headphones.
Under the 'Recording' tab, the microphone can be set.
The small sounds that Windows plays in given situations, such as. receiving an email, -
- called system sounds and set under the tab 'Sounds'.
The last tab is 'Communication', where all sounds can be quickly reduced -
- in power or interrupted completely when the computer is used -
- to make or receive phone calls.
The background image can be changed according to taste and personal style.
Right-click on the desktop and select from the 'Personal settings' menu.
There are standards in place that can be selected, but there are -
- more to download for free from 'Get More Themes Online'.
Click on the download and now the selected car theme appears under the heading 'My themes 2'.
Under 'Choose desktop background' you can choose yourself -
- the pictures shown in the theme, and in the box 'Image placement' -
- a desired adaptation of how much the image is to fill the screen can be adjusted.
Last but not least, the picture shift can be adjusted, that is, the frequency of switching between the images.
Under 'Color and appearance' the color of the beams is regulated either by -
- use of direct color selection or shading regulated as shown.
'Increased accessibility' opens up for everyone to use Windows regardless of physical disabilities.
When starting 'Magnifying glass', the user interface can be enlarged many times.
If someone has a touch screen for a keyboard, that option can be activated.
And it is possible to read from the written screen.